# doc-generator
This is a small cli to generate the documentation and table of contents for each package within react-md.

<!-- TOC_START -->
## Table of Contents
- [Usage](#usage)
- [About](#about)
  * [Creating a Table of Contents](#creating-a-table-of-contents)
  * [Creating component documentation with Prop Types](#creating-component-documentation-with-prop-types)
  * [Creating SassDoc](#creating-sassdoc)
<!-- TOC_END -->

## Usage

```sh
$ doc-generator --help
$ doc-generator
```

## About
The doc generator will automatically update a README.md file that is located in the directory that the doc generator is being
run from. There are 3 big features for the doc generator:

1. Create a table of contents for the readme
2. Create a component prop types table
3. Create a sassdoc table

### Creating a Table of Contents
To get a readme to have a table of contents, the readme must have a section:

```
<!-- TOC_START -->
<!-- TOC_END -->
```

All the contents within these two tags will be replaced by the new table of contents. If the two tags do not
exist, an error will be thrown.

The table of contents is generated by using the [markdown-toc](https://github.com/jonschlinkert/markdown-toc) package so
you can read more there about how it determines what should be included.

The table of contents can be disabled from the doc-generator by providing `--no-toc` as a command-line argument.

### Creating component documentation with Prop Types
To get a readme to include component documentation, the readme must have a section:

```
<!-- PROPS_START -->
<!-- PROPS_END -->
```


All the contents within these two tags will be replaced by the new component documentation. If the two tags do not
exist, an error will be thrown. In addition, the typescript files **must** have correct documentation within them.
Since most components will extends the attributes of an HTML element, it is recommended to add another flag on the
last prop to disable all the default attributes to be included in the documentation.

Example:

```tsx
export interface IExample extends React.HTMLAttributes<HTMLDivElement> {
  /**
   * An optional style to apply.
   */
  style?: React.CSSProperties;

  /**
   * An optional className to apply.
   */
  className?: string;

  /**
   * Any children to render.
   */
  children?: React.CSSProperties;

  /**
   * Some required prop.
   */
  requiredProp: React.ReactNode;

  /**
   * An optional prop.
   * @last-prop
  optionalProp?: boolean;
}
```

This will make sure that only the 5 listed props will be included in the component prop type documentation.

### Creating SassDoc
To get a readme to include SassDoc, the readme must have a section:

```
<!-- SASSDOC_START -->
<!-- SASSDOC_END -->
```

All the contents within these two tags will be replaced by the new component documentation. If the two tags do not
exist, an error will be thrown. In addition, the scss files **must** have the correct sassdoc within them.
